feat(curriculum): adding reusable profile card component workshop (#57400)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-reusable-profile-card-component/674ef2d357676e50e4691659.md

---
id: 674ef2d357676e50e4691659
title: Step 3
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--

Inside the `div` element, create an `h2` element and interpolate the `name` prop as its text.

> Also inside the `div`, create a paragraph with the class `card-title` to interpolate the `title` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also inside the `div`, create a paragraph with the `className` of `card-title` to interpolate the `title` prop.
```

> Also inside the `div`, create a paragraph with the `className` of `card-title` to interpolate the `title` prop, and another paragraph to interpolate the `bio` prop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, inside the `div`, create a paragraph with the `className` of `card-title` to interpolate the `title` prop, and another paragraph to interpolate the `bio` prop.
```

# --hints--

> YOu should create an `h2` element inside your `div` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should create an `h2` element inside your `div` element.
```

```js
const mockedComponent = Enzyme.mount(
  React.createElement(window.index.Card)
);

const h2Elem = mockedComponent.find('h2');

assert.equal(h2Elem.parent().type(), 'div');
```

Your `h2` element should have `{name}` as its text content.

```js
const mockedComponent = Enzyme.mount(
  React.createElement(window.index.Card, { name: 'nameVal' })
);

const h2Elem = mockedComponent.find('h2');

assert.equal(h2Elem.text(), 'nameVal'); 
```

> You should create a `p` tag with the class `card-title` inside your `div` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should create a `p` tag with the `className` of `card-title` inside your `div` element.
```

```js
const mockedComponent = Enzyme.mount(
  React.createElement(window.index.Card)
);

const pElem = mockedComponent.find('p.card-title');

assert.equal(pElem.parent().type(), 'div');
```

> Your `p` element with class `card-title` should have `{title}` as its text content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `p` element with `className` of `card-title` should have `{title}` as its text content.
```

```js
const mockedComponent = Enzyme.mount(
  React.createElement(window.index.Card, { title: 'titleVal' })
);

const pElem = mockedComponent.find('p.card-title');

assert.equal(pElem.text(), 'titleVal');
assert.equal(pElem.parent().type(), 'div');
```

> You should create another `p` element with `{bio}` as its text.

Reviewer: This is not mentioned in the instructions

      data-plugins="transform-modules-umd"
      type="text/babel"
      src="index.jsx"
    ></script>
     <link rel="stylesheet" href="./styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="root"></div>
    <script
      data-plugins="transform-modules-umd"
      type="text/babel"
      data-presets="react"
      data-type="module"
    >
      import { App } from './index.jsx';
      ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root')).render(
        <App />
      );
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```

```css
:root {
  --dark-grey: #1b1b32;
  --light-grey: #f5f6f7;
  --dark-orange: #f89808;
}

body {
  background-color: var(--dark-grey);
}

.flex-container {
  display: flex;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
  justify-content: space-around;
  align-items: center;
}

.card {
  border: 5px solid var(--dark-orange);
  border-radius: 10px;
  width: 100%;
  padding: 20px;
  margin: 10px 0;
  background-color: var(--light-grey);
}

.card-title {
  border-bottom: 4px solid var(--dark-orange);
  width: fit-content;
}

@media (min-width: 768px) {
  .card {
    width: 300px;
  }
}
```

```jsx
export function Card({ name, title, bio }) {
  return (
    --fcc-editable-region--
    <div className="card">

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      
```
